#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language british
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style british
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
Reviewer #2: The authors present an investigation of the detachment of fibrillar
 adhesive arrays subject to normal loading via a system of rigid phalanges
 and flexible joints.
 Three primary cases are examined via an elastic spring model - a rigid
 joint with controlled angle of alignment to the surface, a free joint pulled
 from an initially aligned configuration, and a free joint supplemented
 by the presence of a claw hinge ahead on the opposite side of the fibril
 array.
 Both controlled misalignment and off-center free pulling are shown to generate
 a non-uniform load distribution, with progressive local detachments lowering
 the peak global force during the separation process.
 Most significantly, it is demonstrated that the presence of a claw hinge
 can reduce the detachment force beyond other modes by supplementing the
 moment generated by the pulling force.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
While sound in approach, the central observation that a non-uniform distribution
 of load among fibrils will lower the peak force during detachment is already
 well-established in the literature (including papers cited in the manuscript
 itself).
 The authors statement in the conclusion section, that the 'model is supported
 by previously reported experimental observations' seems overstated.
 None of the specific detachment pathways studied using the model is directly
 evidenced in natural systems by reference to the literature, with only
 general 'twist of the leg' referred to in generation of a non-uniform load
 distribution.
 More specific and novel (to the reviewers knowledge) conclusions, such
 as the observation that the use of a claw hinge can further reduce the
 detachment force are not contextualized.
 In order to enhance the impact, it is suggested that this result be elaborated
 upon and related more specifically to the experimental literature.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Thank you for your kind feedback.
 Our central result is in fact more focused towards the 3 modes of detachment
 which can be used to tune adhesion by relying on specific conditions of
 the joints and claws, similar to a biological attachment system.
 We simply use the previously reported effect of 
\begin_inset Quotes bld
\end_inset

non-uniform distribution of load among fibrils causing adhesion reduction
\begin_inset Quotes brd
\end_inset

 to support the mechanisms that we show in our work.
 That however shouldn't be considered as our main result.
 We acknowledge that this confusion arose due to the phrasing and structure
 of the conclusions section.
 Please check the rewritten section (page 20-21).
 Here, we also point out that the model is only partially supported by experimen
ts found in literature so far.
 Regarding the effect of claws, we found that Gernay et.
 al.(10.1098/rsif.2017.0493, figure 4 of reference) also reports video recording
 showing how the beetle might use its claws to instantly drop itself.
 We have included this observation in the text as well to provide additional
 support.
 (see page 19 lines 15-18)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Further comment is given below on specific points in the manuscript which
 require further consideration and clarification.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Page 6, Line 9 - If the joint is free to rotate then then the change in
 length may be different in fibrils across the array.
 The following equations assert that ∆l is the same for all fibrils.
 Is this stage of the modeling effort only relevant to a rigid joint, as
 this is not stated explicitly? If this is the case, the modification of
 this equation for other cases should be elaborated upon.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Thank you so much for pointing out this error.
 Yes, you are correct that equation 6 was previously derived under the assumptio
n of a rigid joint.
 We have now updated the derivation to account for the general scenario
 where the array can also rotate around the joint, thus causing a non-uniform
 recoil of fibrils.
 The updated equations however do not change our results for the 
\begin_inset Quotes bld
\end_inset

free pull
\begin_inset Quotes brd
\end_inset

 case, since rotation of the array reduces ∆l significantly enough to not
 induce a catastrophic failure (see equation 5 and 6 in page 6)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Page 8, Line 4 - A description of the numerical procedure (starting point,
 displacement increment, re-computation of the stiffness upon fibril detachments
 etc.) by which the force displacement curves are obtained is absent, making
 reproduction of the results challenging.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
The numerical procedure is now summarized (see page 8 lines 5-10).
 Additionally, the python scripts used for the simulations are made available
 in GitHub (see page7, line 5)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Page 9, Line 11 - The statement 'the hairs of the pad with a higher tilt
 angle' is misleading.
 If the joint is fixed then the angle of tilt is the same for all fibrils.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
We agree.
 Rephrased as 
\begin_inset Quotes bld
\end_inset

The pad with a higher tilt angle initiates hair detachment first, in comparison
 to a pad with a lower tilt.' (page 9 lines 16-18)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Page 12, Line 8 - The decision to focus only on the effective length of
 the claw should be more clearly explained.
 The distance of the hinge point would seem to be equally important.
 Additionally, the differing normalization of the lengths makes it confusing
 to interpret the differences in the moment arms without detailed consideration
 of the number of fibrils etc.
 This should be clarified.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
We chose not to focus on the distance of the hinge point (
\begin_inset Formula $s_{h}$
\end_inset

), since its effect should be trivial.
 Higher 
\begin_inset Formula $s_{h}$
\end_inset

 increases the net lever arm, resulting in lower pulling force (as already
 noted in page 13, line 10).
 Thus we instead chose to vary the vertical length of the claw, as its effect
 is, in our opinion, more interesting due to the resulting hair deformations.
 Regarding the normalization, we have in general normalized all lengths
 w.r.t.
 
\begin_inset Formula $w$
\end_inset

 (hair spacing).
 Only for 
\begin_inset Formula $s_{l}$
\end_inset

, we chose to normalize w.r.t.
 the total length of the array, as one can intuitively imagine the position
 of the leg joint on the array from 
\begin_inset Formula $s_{l}/L$
\end_inset

 values, irrespective of the number of fibrils (e.g.
 0.5 being at the array centre, 1 being at the edge etc.).
 To alleviate any confusion, we have included 
\begin_inset Formula $L=24w$
\end_inset

 in the text to remind the reader how 
\begin_inset Formula $L$
\end_inset

 is defined.
 (page 12, line 8)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Page 13, Line 1 - The variable s does not appear in equation (4)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Variable 
\begin_inset Formula $s$
\end_inset

 does appear inside parameter 
\begin_inset Formula $\Psi=s-\frac{n-1}{2}w$
\end_inset

 (defined earlier) which is in equation 4.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Page 13, Line 14 - 'Adhere' is a confusing choice of word here.
 A claw would presumably exploit mechanical interlocking/friction.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Rephrased as '...the claw should stick well with the surface, perhaps by mechanical
 interlocking, to resist...' (page 13 line 14-15)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Page 15, Line 15 - Stating that this is 'the advantage' of contact splitting
 is an oversimplification, with many cooperative mechanisms likely at play
 (see for example Kamperman et al., 2010, "Functional Adhesive Surfaces with
 'Gecko' Effect: The Concept of Contact Splitting," Adv.
 Eng.
 Mater., 12(5), pp.
 335-348.)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Here we intend to offer an additional support to the 
\begin_inset Quotes bld
\end_inset

contact splitting
\begin_inset Quotes brd
\end_inset

 principle, which has been, to our knowledge, only discussed in literature
 with regards to the enhancement in adhesion.
 Here, we attempt to highlight that the same design principle also enhances
 the reversible nature of adhesion, if we follow the detachment mechanisms
 discussed in our work.
 The paragraph has thus been rephrased to: 
\begin_inset Quotes bld
\end_inset

This highlights another advantage of having a split contact design found
 in many biological systems.
 A design comprising of a large number of hairs not only enhances the adhesion
 due to scaling effects 
\backslash
cite{Kamperman2010}, but could also offer a better control over adhesion,
 making it quite suitable for reversible attachment and detachment during
 locomotion.
\begin_inset Quotes brd
\end_inset

 (page15, line17)
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
