#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language british
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style british
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
Reviewer #1: I've really appreciated this study! I believe it provides new
 insight in the reversible adhesion mechanism in insects, which may be of
 interest also for engineering applications.
 It is also well written and relatively easy to follow.
 However I have a some questions the authors should address before the paper
 may be accepted for publication.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Description
1) The author state that for the "flex" case see fig.
 5 the reduction factor can go up of two order of magnitudes, provided that
 the quantity "ds" takes negative values.
 This is very counterintuitive and not easy to imagine.
 Maybe it is even unrealistic or unphysical.
 Indeed value of ds<0 would require the adhesive pad (or its backing layer)
 to pass through the adhering underlying surface.
 I believe this cannot occur in reality and must be excluded from the analysis.
 One, then, concludes that the reduction factor for the "flex" is very close
 to 1 in any configuration.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
A: We believe the confusion arises here because of the definition of 
\begin_inset Formula $\hat{d_{s}}$
\end_inset

.
 Referring to Figure 4 (
\begin_inset Quotes bld
\end_inset

flex
\begin_inset Quotes brd
\end_inset

 case), the description shows that 
\begin_inset Formula $\hat{d_{s}}$
\end_inset

 is the normalized form of 
\begin_inset Formula $d_{s}$
\end_inset

, defined as
\begin_inset Formula $\hat{d_{s}}=\frac{d_{s}-l_{h,0}}{w}$
\end_inset

, which is the claw-hinge length (
\begin_inset Formula $d_{s}$
\end_inset

) relative to the uncompressed hair length (
\family roman
\series medium
\shape up
\size normal
\emph off
\bar no
\strikeout off
\xout off
\uuline off
\uwave off
\noun off
\color none

\begin_inset Formula $l_{h,0}$
\end_inset


\family default
\series default
\shape default
\size default
\emph on
\bar default
\strikeout default
\xout default
\uuline default
\uwave default
\noun default
\color inherit
).
 Considering this normalized definition,
\emph default
 
\emph on

\begin_inset Formula $\hat{d_{s}}<0$
\end_inset

 should be physically possible.
 To make this clear to the reader, we have added the definition of 
\begin_inset Formula $\hat{d_{s}}$
\end_inset

 into the description of Figures 5 and 6 as well.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Description
2) Limiting the geometry to cases with ds>0 I would conclude that the "flex"
 case is the one with the worse behavior.
 This is indeed the consequence of the fact that pillars barely can be already
 pre-compressed.
 Indeed, in the case of initial no-compression of the pillars, during the
 pulling process each pillar will start to be elongated and no one will
 be in a compression state, as instead it happens in the "free-pull" case.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
A: Based on above clarification, the 
\begin_inset Quotes bld
\end_inset

flex
\begin_inset Quotes brd
\end_inset

 case should not be the worst scenario since 
\begin_inset Formula $\hat{d_{s}}<0$
\end_inset

 is possible.
 Further considering that the necessary load required to pre-compress the
 pillars is roughly the same order of magnitude as the the array's total
 adhesion force (see Figure 4), such a condition should be feasible.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Description
3) Similar consideration applies also to the "fixed pull" case.
 Indeed, inducing compression on some of the pillars case can only be caused
 only by the weight of the insect.
 And maybe such forces are very very small.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
A: Similar to above 
\begin_inset Quotes bld
\end_inset

flex
\begin_inset Quotes brd
\end_inset

 case, the necessary normal load for the 'fixed pull' case to compress the
 pillars is also of similar magnitude as the adhesion force.
 We however do agree that the weight of the insect may put a limit onto
 how large of a load can be applied on the leg to compress the hairs, and
 have included this limitation in the text (see page 20 lines 12-15).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Description
4) I believe the "free-pull" case should be the optimal configuration, as
 in this case during the pulling process, torque balance will require some
 pillars to be compressed thus leading to the so called "elastic-weakening"
 phenomenon.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
A: Taking into account the limit induced by an insect's weight to compress
 the hairs, we agree the 'free pull' case could be optimal in some biological
 systems.
 However, artificial systems could be designed in ways to allow sufficient
 load and compress the pillars.
 In this case 'fixed pull' and 'flex' modes may also be preferable, depending
 on the the design conditions.
 Overall, we see that the 'flex' mode offers the highest reduction factor
 (see Appendix A in manuscript and point 6 below), and thus could offer
 the best configuration for reversible adhesion.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Description
5) The authors assert that the optimal configuration would be obtained with
 the use of pillars able to support compression loads without undergo buckling.
 I may agree with this point, but also let us consider this ideal situation:
 assume the pillars undergo buckling as soon as a compressive load is applied
 (so they can support only tractive loads), and consider the "free-pull"
 case with s/L=1.
 In such a case the equilibrium of the backing layer would require that
 the applied pull-force would be totally supported by a single pillar (which
 would also work under very tilted conditions) thus causing an avalanche
 of subsequent pillar detachments (one after the other) leading to a spontaneous
 propagation of the detachment front.
 So I'm not very sure that the best condition is the one which avoids buckling.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
A: This is quite an interesting scenario! Yes, for the 'free pull' case,
 buckling of pillars under compression would indeed result in the the backing
 layer experiencing a net clockwise torque, which would drive it to further
 tilt and detach the remaining pillars in sequence.
 However, this may also make it a bit tricky to have the array to show strong
 adhesion when we want it to, since the pillars would buckle quickly under
 small loads, thus limiting its reversible adhesive properties.
 For example, Patekar et.
 al.
 (doi.org/10.1098/rsif.2013.0171) has shown that buckling induced by sufficient
 vertical load can be a way to 'switch off' the adhesion of a micropillar
 array.
 When relying on our 'free pull'-based detachment case, the design conditions
 of the array would thus need to be optimized to take advantage of the buckling
 induced detachment while also showing strong adhesion when the backing
 layer is kept fixed and parallel to the surface.
 Thank you for your insight, we have now included this effect in the manuscript
 and have rephrased our comment on buckling (see page 20 lines 8-12).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Description
6) It is stated that the increase of Nt augments the reduction factor! This
 is not very clear to me.
 To make an example, let us double "Nt" while halving the quantity "w" and
 the stiffness "kh" of each pillar! In this case I do not expect any change
 in the adhesive behavior of the system.
 So what should count really is the ratio kh/w i.e.
 the stiffness density and not the number Nt.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
A: If we understand correctly, the situation you are describing here is
 a consequence of an interplay between the parameters 
\begin_inset Formula $\hat{f}_{p}=\frac{f_{p}}{k_{h}w}$
\end_inset

 (Figure 5) and 
\begin_inset Formula $N_{t}$
\end_inset

 (Figure 6), both of which we have considered separately by keeping one
 parameter constant while varying the other parameter.
 It should thus be possible to get the same reduction factor for multiple
 combinations of 
\family roman
\series medium
\shape up
\size normal
\emph off
\bar no
\strikeout off
\xout off
\uuline off
\uwave off
\noun off
\color none

\begin_inset Formula $\hat{f}_{p}$
\end_inset

 and 
\family default
\series default
\shape default
\size default
\emph on
\bar default
\strikeout default
\xout default
\uuline default
\uwave default
\noun default
\color inherit

\begin_inset Formula $N_{t}$
\end_inset

, such as the case you described for example.
 Our rational behind choosing 
\family roman
\series medium
\shape up
\size normal
\emph off
\bar no
\strikeout off
\xout off
\uuline off
\uwave off
\noun off
\color none

\begin_inset Formula $\hat{f}_{p}$
\end_inset

 and 
\family default
\series default
\shape default
\size default
\emph on
\bar default
\strikeout default
\xout default
\uuline default
\uwave default
\noun default
\color inherit

\begin_inset Formula $N_{t}$
\end_inset

 as separate parameters for  analysis is because, 
\family roman
\series medium
\shape up
\size normal
\emph off
\bar no
\strikeout off
\xout off
\uuline off
\uwave off
\noun off
\color none

\begin_inset Formula $\hat{f}_{p}$
\end_inset

 
\family default
\series default
\shape default
\size default
\emph on
\bar default
\strikeout default
\xout default
\uuline default
\uwave default
\noun default
\color inherit
depends mainly on the material and adhesive property of the pillars, 
\family roman
\series medium
\shape up
\size normal
\emph off
\bar no
\strikeout off
\xout off
\uuline off
\uwave off
\noun off
\color none
while 
\family default
\series default
\shape default
\size default
\emph on
\bar default
\strikeout default
\xout default
\uuline default
\uwave default
\noun default
\color inherit

\begin_inset Formula $N_{t}$
\end_inset

 relates only to the geometric design of the array itself.
 This was an attempt to decouple the physical properties of the adhesive
 and its fabrication limitations.
 An alternative way to look at how reduction factor changes might be to
 use a single parameter 
\family roman
\series medium
\shape up
\size normal
\emph off
\bar no
\strikeout off
\xout off
\uuline off
\uwave off
\noun off
\color none

\begin_inset Formula $\chi=\frac{f_{p}N_{t}}{k_{h}w}$
\end_inset


\family default
\series default
\shape default
\size default
\emph on
\bar default
\strikeout default
\xout default
\uuline default
\uwave default
\noun default
\color inherit
.
 We have included this plot in the appendix section A of the manuscript,
 for reference (page 22 and page 16 lines 1-4).
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
